chore: remove rebranding notes and batch add meta descriptions (#127)
beclab/docs: docs/manual/tasks/subscribe.md

---
outline: [2, 3]

> description: Learn how to subscribe in Olares, covering adding RSS feeds, importing OPML files, managing subscriptions with LarePass, and organizing your content sources efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to manage content subscriptions in Olares, including adding RSS feeds, importing OPML files, managing subscriptions with LarePass, and organizing your content sources efficiently.
```
